Fix SPO on-boarding guide (#1579)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/manual/getting-started/SPO-on-boarding-guide.md

## Step 2: Get Mithril ready for `mainnet`

:::info

> This step is **optional**. It is designed to get SPOs acquainted with setting up Mithril on their infrastructure: it is **strongly recommended** to complete it before moving forward to **Step 3**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is **optional**. It's intended to familiarize SPOs with setting up Mithril on their infrastructure. It's **strongly recommended** to complete it before proceeding to **Step 3**.
```
